README.md, before:

# `terraform-aws-fargate-service`

This module is a somewhat opinionated implementation of a Fargate service, without a load balancer. This is useful for creating a worker service, or a service where you will be configuring the load balancer yourself (for example, a super specific NLB or similar.)

For creating a Fargate service with a built-in application load balancer, see the [terraform-aws-fargate-service-with-lb module](https://github.com/mixmaxhq/terraform-aws-fargate-service-with-lb).

## Usage

An example deployable application can be found in the [examples/simple](examples/simple) directory.

## Notes

This module creates a security group (ie a firewall) for communicating with the service over the network. By default, it allows all traffic originating from the container (in other words, all `egress` traffic is allowed). However, if you would like to communicate inbound to the container from another service, you must create an [`aws_security_group_rule`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/security_group_rule.html) resource referencing the Fargate service's security group. The module-created security group is available as the output `task_sg_id`. You can see an example of this in the terraform-aws-fargate-service-with-lb module.

This module creates an IAM role for use with a task definition to authorize access to AWS resources. This is created as a convenience; to use this IAM role, you will need to specify it in your task definition's [`taskRoleArn`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#task_role_arn). By default, these services get no permissions. To add permissions to an AWS resource, create an [`aws_iam_policy` resource](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/iam_policy.html) and [attach the policy to the role using an `aws_iam_role_policy_attachment` resource](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/iam_role_policy_attachment.html). The module-created IAM role name is available as the output `task_role_name` from the module.

This module creates a CloudWatch log group for use with a task definition to ship logs. This is created as a convenience; to use this log group, you will need to specify it in your task definition's [`logConfiguration`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/using_awslogs.html#specify-log-config). If you have generated your task definition using the `mixmax` CLI, you probably don't need to do anything.

## How are the docs generated?

Manually, something like this:

```
terraform-docs md document . >> README.md
# and edit out the old stuff
```

## Variables

### Required Variables

The following variables are required:

#### environment

Description: The environment to deploy into. Some valid values are production, staging, engineering.

Type:
`string`

#### name

Description: The name of the application to launch

Type:
`string`

#### service

Description: The name of the service this app is associated with; ie 'send' if the app was 'send-worker'

Type:
`string`

### Optional Variables

The following variables are optional (have default values):

#### cloudwatch\_evaluation\_periods

Description: The number of times a metric must exceed thresholds before an alarm triggers. For example, if `period` is set to 60 seconds, and this is set to 2, a given threshold must have been exceeded twice over 120 seconds.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`2`

#### cloudwatch\_period

Description: The time in seconds CloudWatch alarms will consider a 'period'. By default, CloudWatch metrics only have a granularity of 60s, or in rare cases 180 or 300 seconds.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`60`

#### cpu\_high\_threshold

Description: The CPU percentage to be considered 'high' for autoscaling purposes.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`70`

#### cpu\_low\_threshold

Description: The CPU percentage to be considered 'low' for autoscaling purposes. This was set to a 'safe' value to prevent scaling down when it's not a good idea, but please adjust this higher for your app if possible.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`20`

#### custom\_tags

Description: A mapping of custom tags to add to the generated resources.

Type:
`map(string)`

Default:
`{}`

#### is\_public

Description: A boolean describing if the service is public or internal only. In this module, this is only used for tagging.

Type:
`bool`

Default:
`false`

#### load\_balancer\_config

Description: A list of objects describing load balancer configs: https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/ecs_service.html#load_balancer-1

Type:
```hcl
list(object({
    target_group_arn = string
    container_name   = string
    container_port   = number
  }))
```

Default:
`[]`

#### max\_capacity

Description: The maximum number of tasks allowed to run at any given time.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`8`

#### min\_capacity

Description: The minimum number of tasks allowed to run at any given time.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`2`

#### scale\_down\_adjustment

Description: The number of tasks to stop during a scale down event. Be VERY CAREFUL changing this default. For example, if this was set to -2, and the service has 4 tasks running at present, scaling down would remove half the capacity of the service. If you want to scale down more aggressively, consider changing `scale_down_cooldown` instead.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`-1`

#### scale\_down\_cooldown

Description: The minimum amount of time in seconds between subsequent scale down events firing. This should be somewhat longer than a scale up cooldown to prevent service degradation by quickly changing capacity, but being shorter does give us cost savings.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`300`

#### scale\_up\_adjustment

Description: The number of tasks to add during a scale up event. If a service sees high spiky load that needs immediate response times, it may be appropriate to nudge this up.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`1`

#### scale\_up\_cooldown

Description: The minimum amount of time in seconds between subsequent scale up events firing. This should be long enough to allow an app to start up, begin serving traffic, and get new aggregate averages of service load, but short enough to scale quickly and responsively.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`90`

#### scaling\_enabled

Description: A boolean if autoscaling should be turned on or off

Type:
`bool`

Default:
`true`

#### service\_subnets

Description: A list of the subnet IDs to use with the service. Leaving empty will use the private subnets

Type:
`list(string)`

Default:
`[]`

#### task\_definition

Description: The family:revision or full ARN of the task definition to launch. If you are deploying software with Jenkins, you can ignore this; this is used with task definitions that are managed in Terraform. If unset, the first run will use an Nginx 'hello-world' task def. Terraform will not update the task definition in the service if this value has changed.

Type:
`string`

Default:
`""`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

#### cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name

Description: The name of the created CloudWatch log group

#### task\_role\_arn

Description: The ARN of the IAM Role created for the Fargate service

#### task\_sg\_id

Description: The ID of the Security Group attached to Fargate Tasks

Commit message:

feat: allow default service name to be overridden

README.md, after:

# `terraform-aws-fargate-service`

This module is a somewhat opinionated implementation of a Fargate service, without a load balancer. This is useful for creating a worker service, or a service where you will be configuring the load balancer yourself (for example, a super specific NLB or similar.)

For creating a Fargate service with a built-in application load balancer, see the [terraform-aws-fargate-service-with-lb module](https://github.com/mixmaxhq/terraform-aws-fargate-service-with-lb).

## Usage

An example deployable application can be found in the [examples/simple](examples/simple) directory.

## Notes

This module creates a security group (ie a firewall) for communicating with the service over the network. By default, it allows all traffic originating from the container (in other words, all `egress` traffic is allowed). However, if you would like to communicate inbound to the container from another service, you must create an [`aws_security_group_rule`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/security_group_rule.html) resource referencing the Fargate service's security group. The module-created security group is available as the output `task_sg_id`. You can see an example of this in the terraform-aws-fargate-service-with-lb module.

This module creates an IAM role for use with a task definition to authorize access to AWS resources. This is created as a convenience; to use this IAM role, you will need to specify it in your task definition's [`taskRoleArn`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#task_role_arn). By default, these services get no permissions. To add permissions to an AWS resource, create an [`aws_iam_policy` resource](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/iam_policy.html) and [attach the policy to the role using an `aws_iam_role_policy_attachment` resource](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/iam_role_policy_attachment.html). The module-created IAM role name is available as the output `task_role_name` from the module.

This module creates a CloudWatch log group for use with a task definition to ship logs. This is created as a convenience; to use this log group, you will need to specify it in your task definition's [`logConfiguration`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/using_awslogs.html#specify-log-config). If you have generated your task definition using the `mixmax` CLI, you probably don't need to do anything.

## How are the docs generated?

Manually, something like this:

```
terraform-docs md document . >> README.md
# and edit out the old stuff
```

## Variables

### Required Variables

The following variables are required:

#### environment

Description: The environment to deploy into. Some valid values are production, staging, engineering.

Type:
`string`

#### name

Description: The name of the application to launch

Type:
`string`

#### service

Description: The name of the service this app is associated with; ie 'send' if the app was 'send-worker'

Type:
`string`

### Optional Variables

The following variables are optional (have default values):

#### cloudwatch\_evaluation\_periods

Description: The number of times a metric must exceed thresholds before an alarm triggers. For example, if `period` is set to 60 seconds, and this is set to 2, a given threshold must have been exceeded twice over 120 seconds.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`2`

#### cloudwatch\_period

Description: The time in seconds CloudWatch alarms will consider a 'period'. By default, CloudWatch metrics only have a granularity of 60s, or in rare cases 180 or 300 seconds.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`60`

#### cpu\_high\_threshold

Description: The CPU percentage to be considered 'high' for autoscaling purposes.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`70`

#### cpu\_low\_threshold

Description: The CPU percentage to be considered 'low' for autoscaling purposes. This was set to a 'safe' value to prevent scaling down when it's not a good idea, but please adjust this higher for your app if possible.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`20`

#### custom\_tags

Description: A mapping of custom tags to add to the generated resources.

Type:
`map(string)`

Default:
`{}`

#### fargate\_service\_name\_override

Description: This parameter allows you to set to the Fargate service name explicitly. This is useful in cases where you need something other than the default {var.name}-{var.environment} naming convention

Type:
`string`

Default:
`""`

#### is\_public

Description: A boolean describing if the service is public or internal only. In this module, this is only used for tagging.

Type:
`bool`

Default:
`false`

#### load\_balancer\_config

Description: A list of objects describing load balancer configs: https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/ecs_service.html#load_balancer-1

Type:
```hcl
list(object({
    target_group_arn = string
    container_name   = string
    container_port   = number
  }))
```

Default:
`[]`

#### max\_capacity

Description: The maximum number of tasks allowed to run at any given time.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`8`

#### min\_capacity

Description: The minimum number of tasks allowed to run at any given time.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`2`

#### scale\_down\_adjustment

Description: The number of tasks to stop during a scale down event. Be VERY CAREFUL changing this default. For example, if this was set to -2, and the service has 4 tasks running at present, scaling down would remove half the capacity of the service. If you want to scale down more aggressively, consider changing `scale_down_cooldown` instead.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`-1`

#### scale\_down\_cooldown

Description: The minimum amount of time in seconds between subsequent scale down events firing. This should be somewhat longer than a scale up cooldown to prevent service degradation by quickly changing capacity, but being shorter does give us cost savings.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`300`

#### scale\_up\_adjustment

Description: The number of tasks to add during a scale up event. If a service sees high spiky load that needs immediate response times, it may be appropriate to nudge this up.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`1`

#### scale\_up\_cooldown

Description: The minimum amount of time in seconds between subsequent scale up events firing. This should be long enough to allow an app to start up, begin serving traffic, and get new aggregate averages of service load, but short enough to scale quickly and responsively.

Type:
`number`

Default:
`90`

#### scaling\_enabled

Description: A boolean if autoscaling should be turned on or off

Type:
`bool`

Default:
`true`

#### service\_subnets

Description: A list of the subnet IDs to use with the service. Leaving empty will use the private subnets

Type:
`list(string)`

Default:
`[]`

#### task\_definition

Description: The family:revision or full ARN of the task definition to launch. If you are deploying software with Jenkins, you can ignore this; this is used with task definitions that are managed in Terraform. If unset, the first run will use an Nginx 'hello-world' task def. Terraform will not update the task definition in the service if this value has changed.

Type:
`string`

Default:
`""`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

#### cloudwatch\_log\_group\_name

Description: The name of the created CloudWatch log group

#### task\_role\_arn

Description: The ARN of the IAM Role created for the Fargate service

#### task\_role\_name

Description: The name of the IAM Role created for the Fargate service

#### task\_sg\_id

Description: The ID of the Security Group attached to Fargate Tasks
